fix: Added documentation for creating an avatar (#66)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: advanced/faq.rst

   Any arguments you pass to your function must be literals.
   Escoria variables (ESC flags, globals, etc) cannot be passed currently.

How do I create an avatar to use in conversations?
--------------------------------------------------

.. image:: img/avatar_creation.gif
   :alt: How to create an avatar

> Escoria's default dialog plugin supports two types of talk animations,
> floating (text above the character's head) and avatar (a text box with an
> animated avatar is drawn in a box to accompany the text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Escoria's default dialog plugin supports two types of talk animations: 
`floating` (text appears above the character's head) and `avatar` (text appears
in a box with an animation in its own box displayed beside the text).
```

The first step is to configure the location where Escoria can find any
avatars you create. You specify this folder in Escoria's project setting
under `Escoria/Dialog simple/Avatars Path`.

The next step is to create the avatar animation (usually a close up of the
character's head with different mouth poses to make a talking animation). You
will need individual sprites for each animation frame for the avatar.

> To create the animation in Godot, create a new **sprite** node (NOT an
> animated sprite) in any scene in your project. Click the dropdown menu related
> to the "Texture" property and select `New AnimatedTexture`. Click this propery
> to edit the AnimatedTexture. Select the number of frames in the frame property.
> A number of frame properties (Frame 0, Frame 1 ...) will appear matching the
> frame count selected. Click and drag each animation onto the Texture of each
> frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the animation in Godot, create a new **Sprite** node (NOT an
`AnimatedSprite`) in any scene in your project. Click the dropdown menu related
to the "Texture" property and select `New AnimatedTexture`. Click this property
to edit the `AnimatedTexture`. Select the number of frames in the frame property.
A number of frame properties (Frame 0, Frame 1, ...) will appear matching the
frame count selected. Click and drag each animation onto the Texture of each
frame.
```

Update the FPS setting to make the animation run at an appropriate speed.

Click the down arrow next to the `AnimatedTexture` Texture property and choose

> save from the list. Save the file to the avatar location selected earlier. The
> file name needs to match the global ID of the character it's for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
save from the list. Save the file to the avatar location selected earlier. ***The
file name needs to match the global ID of the character the avatar is for!***
```
